# Bank App Ruby
Basic banking app created in week 10 of Makers as part of practice for Tech tests

Requirements
-----
You should be able to interact with your code via a REPL like IRB or the JavaScript console. (You don't need to implement a command line interface that takes input from STDIN.)
Deposits, withdrawal.
Account statement (date, amount, balance) printing.
Data can be kept in memory (it doesn't need to be stored to a database or anything).

*Acceptance criteria*
Given a client makes a deposit of 1000 on 10-01-2012
And a deposit of 2000 on 13-01-2012
And a withdrawal of 500 on 14-01-2012
When they print their bank statement
Then they would see

```
date || credit || debit || balance
14/01/2012 || || 500.00 || 2500.00
13/01/2012 || 2000.00 || || 3000.00
10/01/2012 || 1000.00 || || 1000.00
```

User Stories
----
```
As a client
So that I can increase my balance
I want to be able to deposit funds in my account

As a client
So that I can reduce my balance
I want to be able to withdraw funds from my account

As a client
So that I can see my transaction history
I want to be able to print my account statement
```

### Class Responsibility

| Classes | Actions|
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Account  | Deposit |
|  | Withdraw  |
| Transaction | Print statement

Getting Started
----
This app will be built using Ruby and a strict TDD process. Tests will be run using rspec. The simplecov and rubocop gems will be used for covergae and code quality.

* From your projects folder on your local machine `mkdir bank-app`
* `cd bank-app` to change into the directory and run `git init` to initialise git.
* To quickly set up your gemfile, run `bundle init`. Add the required gems using `bundle add xxxxx`.
* `bundle install` once all gems have been added to have them installed in the repo.

Running Tests
----
A strict TDD process will be used throughout so an appropriate testing framework is required. RSpec is the testing framework that has been selected for this project.

* To initialise rspec within your repo, run `rspec --init`. This will create the initial required files and necessary dependencies.
* Create the required spec files within the spec folder that would have been generated by the initialisation.
* To run tests during your project to see their status, run `rspec`.

The RED GREEN REFACTOR loop will also be followed during this project so it is important to make sure tests are run frequently to ensure this is being followed.
